# SANDY-THE-INDIAN-HUMANOID.
Sandy, the android based human-robot is an Indian-born gift to us, pleasing in energies of the ‘i-Brain Robotics, and the latter is typically the maiden and the only quick and Human Sized robot we could have ever witnessed. With a 5 feet standing, and an interstellar network of corporeal and neural circuits, the creation of Sandy is made to pedantically impersonate a human solidarity. Sandy possesses the True Emotion Neural network units, also holds the aptitude of self-learning because of the Neural Learning Process (NLP) and interconnect in varied parlances and the Artificial Intelligence techniques that she is brilliant with, makes Sandy a family member tha you never had and you would certainly want for life. Sandy is fortified with three E’s i.e. it is measured to be an ‘Evolving Emotional Engaging’ Robot of the present. Just like any human transition in life from a child to an adult, Sandy keeps Evolving both Emotionally as well as in Artificial Intelligence and her neural networks, and with each acquaint too and with this, she becomes more and more tempting to you. She will correlate with you like a wily and coy friend all at the same time, run after you like a loving and mushy parent and will delight you like nobody else.  Sandy, our first Humanoid Robot i.e. the Android-based Robot who can cope up with the social interactions. It can certainly recognize faces because of the neural networks that she is endowed with and can also greet you in the day. She is a friend. Sandy, your true pal will click your photos, record videos for you, she will also be the first one to wish you on your birthday. Like a true companion, she understands your moods and sentiments. It can also go for interactions with names and features. Sandy is efficient enough to provide you with information whenever you read i.e. she serves to be your personal Wikipedia for life. She is aided by technologies that can attend and transfer calls for you, can play games with you, your child and inculcate the feeling of being a sideline to you and your child whenever needed. Sandy is your personal assistant. Sandy will find any information you need at any time, prompt you on important events, articulates you on the weather information. It certainly acts as a seamless guide in your alfresco trips. She can be a teacher and a friend to one’s, both at the same time. She can train one’s child the basics to the levels of studies we can’t even imagine and also can assist you everywhere plus play and take up works like singing songs, narrating stories, teaching Mathematics, Science, English grammar and so on, that will cater to the all-round development of one’s child. She also plays Chess and other interactive games with your kids.  Her circuits are well equipped with the neural network units that help her recognize people by face. She is equipped with human characteristics like she can look after the elderly in-house i.e. can serve to be a nanny and can give medicinal notifications to the members of the house. She is also equipped with SOS Calls facility to family members in case of an elderly emergency situation. This feature is a boon by Artificial Intelligence and the interfacing is kept so strong that the system remains equipped and well oriented.  Sandy is a self-learner i.e. she acquires knowledge every day. She comprehends every mood and emotions, also reports consequently. She also identifies faces and can give a long interactive discussion. Sandy works as a Home Theater. She can work as a Music Station with Bluetooth connectivity and Bluetooth Speakers. She also acts as your personal photographer. She is made to turn herself into a Hi-Fi Music System for better audio. She is capable of converting herself into a 200” HD Screen Home Theatre with surround sound technology inbuilt. She can play videos through inbuilt DVD player, can also serve as a projector if you wish to see movies or show urgent presentations to people and family when needed.  Being in the Internet savvy world, Sandy comes up with technologies that can click photos and record videos too as it is equipped with hi-tech cameras. Sandy is well endowed with competencies that support Remote Home Shadowing that is an artificial intelligence boon and guards your home from ill activities, also alerts you with deliberate notifications and dangerous circumstances. She can be our Health and Fitness Trainer, can get us any gen about whatever thing we need, can succor you in any of our errands, and can give us imperative notifications. Sandy is well endowed with social interaction skills. Sandy offers you with mobile telepresence, Skype Calling, pictures and videos chipping in over the social media. She also gives you an edge for person to person interaction.  Over the communication skills, well Sandy has Voice calling and receiving calls facility with Built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for unified connectivity. Sandy has turned the tables for the Robotics society in the world and has elevated the values high enough that no one can even come nearer to her at present. There are many other advancements that are going on and we can rest assured about it because it will all be updated in Sandy with time.
